RPA - Case Study. Let us have a look at a real world example of how RPA has been piloted in a
Norwegian real estate company by the management consulting firm Knowit Insight.
...
So, the company - Malling & Co - is a Norwegian real estate agency and it is helping its clients achieve the full
potential of their commercial properties, covering everything from ensuring smooth operation for tenants,
to getting the most from a rental or a sales process.
Malling & Co has about 40.000 invoices coming from suppliers every year, and every single invoice is manually
controlled and booked in the financial system.
The process for doing this is straightforward, and do you know of anyway this could be improved using
new technology?
You are right - RPA solved the problem, and a robot named "Alfred" was hired to do the task.
Let's have a look at Alfred doing his thing.
As a result, Alfred is now handling 50% of all incoming invoices by himself.
It took the management consulting firm 6 weeks to implement the automated process, and the investment
paid itself in approximately six months.
On top of that, a lot of new RPA opportunities was identified during the project.
[Section summary]. In this section of course, we have covered what RPA is and how it works, why it is interesting right now,
what benefits and disadvantages the technology has, what vendors there are,
and we even had a look at a real world example of how RPA has been applied to generate value for a
Norwegian real estate company.